This is a head-gum original.
What's wrong?
You said I was a nothing man with no plans in order to be in no one to see.
You said that I didn't affect things.
That was pre-show, that was off-mic.
That was just sort of getting to a zone.
It was on mic though, like I heard it.
And it was hurtfully.
No, I didn't say that.
I said it was on me at my expense and heard.
And it made on me, basically, Saturn.
Right.
Yes.
And then you said, let's get the energy up.
Everybody, oh.
Grace, you're coming to us.
What's that?
I said, what's up.
You're yelling into the mic, which you're going to have to fix later.
I know.
I'm recording fine.
Yeah.
You're worried about it.
I don't give her any notes.
Why would it?
I'm just worried about the mixing.
For the mixing, especially the levels, especially how good it sounds.
Yeah.
So I'm just a little worried about, yeah, who is it?
Why would you be?
Because it's sort of like, this is my job.
Sure.
Right.
I just just do yours.
When you go to a restaurant, you're not at peace or ease that the chef's going to cook your steak just so you're like sort of micromanaging.
Every step of the process, you're saying, like, did you take it out of the fridge for 30 minutes before you started putting it on the sear and just making sure with the waiter?
What's that?
That you're a bad customer.
The customer is always right, but you're sort of putting that to the limit.
Yeah.
I didn't like your steak.
Medium rare.
And I think you're not to bring it up again.
I've been getting into tartar recently.
Steak or other.
Grace, you, you edit them in.
Grace, you, you, you, you produce these episodes every week.
You know.
Yeah.
Am I crazy for thinking that a mirror doesn't know how to converse it?
Um.
Whew.
Now, see, I've been editing the asia and released episode from last week.
Sure.
And to you two got into it.
Okay.
About the context of the word wrapping.
Yeah, wrapping.
And I'm only bringing this up because I just listened to it today.
I understand that for you it probably happened two weeks ago.
This was this week or something.
You talked about you doing your your tricks.
Sure.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
And you don't already wrapped.
Right.
And I thought that it not talking about Jeffrey Rapid at this.
Telling sure.
Okay.
And then it turned out that.
Immediately it said, that was joke.
Much to your, you were quite upset.
Yeah.
Sorry.
He wrapped.
He meant like he wrapped.
Yeah.
Oh, we wrapped shoot in with a W. Yeah.
And it sounded like he was wrapping like hip hop, a hip into the hip hip hop and you don't
Stop style wrapping.
Yeah.
That's not what I assumed.
No, yeah.
I mean.
So it's an option.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, just to say that there might be people out there who don't automatically
think when they hear the word wrapped that things are done.
You're wrapping.
So you're saying I didn't know how to conversation.
That I didn't give enough context to the audience.
I'm just giving the example of like sometimes, you know, you, you can only see things
how you see it.
So you, it's kind of like an unreliable narrative.
I'm just giving you the count of point of like, maybe there's full on both sides
it.
Mm-hmm.
So we're talking about this.
It's like, it's like saying, oh, that person doesn't know how to play tennis.
The person opposite me on the court, but it's like, but what are you serving?
Exactly.
It takes two to tango in a way.
Mm-hmm.
Well, three.
Right.
Obviously the partner and then the instructor.
And Matthew Perry.
Yeah.
So so far, I've been called a nothing man.
I've been told.
Yeah.
That I don't know where to go at any certain time that I'm always going to be late.
That I'm not good to be around.
I've been told that I don't know how to conversation.
I've been told that I don't know how to see things from any perspective other than my own.
Mm-hmm.
You're reading a lot into what I said.
You're taking things very personally.
I made a series of mutual statements.
I don't know if I'm taking anything personal that other people wouldn't also take personal.
If they were spoken to in those same exact fashion.
But you asked, you invited the questions.
So it's for positive reinforcement and constructive criticism.
You're back in anyway.
I will say, I was thinking, I was, you know, the last time I came on, I was upset.
Because you started before you had said headphones on and then started recording and I was,
didn't have time to sort my hair out.
Now you can see the effort that went into it.
The difference it makes.
Yeah.
That is me.
I'm going to clean.
Yeah.
Kind of.
I'm noticing this like uneven.
Yeah.
I wasn't going to say anything.
You don't need to look at my sheets.
And that pillow sort of matches my shirt.
Yeah.
Blue towel draped over a makeup chair.
That looks like you got it from an athletic club.
Ikea.
Try the Ikea bag and bin.
Where's the toilet medicine?
Grays hated that.
I will sue you.
If you've damaged my precious, it's, they paid the bills.
Yeah.
I got worried because I, that one episode that I didn't mix or sorry that I did mix.
People said that the Susanne effects were really loud.
They weren't mixed louder than they are on this show and everybody seems fine.
And people were like, I'm going to sue you because I almost got in the car accident.
I just said that.
What's that?
I just said I was going to sue you because you almost got in the car accident.
It's like your only retaining things that you heard recently.
Sorry.
I didn't tend to come on and be nice to that and be most of it.
But it's hard.
Like it's hard.
It's hard.
Yeah.
It's like a mere says to shit.
And then a mere starts the whole episode.
Really?
We're just, we're treated with such vitriol right off the bat and it's like,
and let's show that it with.
Before the show even started,
you said I didn't have plans.
I really don't think you do.
I'm sorry.
What do you want me to, if you want me to be somebody else?
I will.
That's what I'm saying also.
Do you guys want me to be on time in Joveal?
Yeah.
Do you guys want me to show up open to conversation?
Sure.
That would be great.
You're the host.
Okay.
But when I go to a restaurant and I order my food.
Yeah.
I'm not open in Joveal to the show.
It's like providing a service.
Yeah.
Yes.
I'm God's favorite customer.
Oh.
Sorry.
I wanted to do it on camera because you rarely get to see that.
Usually people are like hiding it or like covering their mouth, you know.
But I'm alone in this room and I want to just fucking full throttle whole hog.
See what it looks like when I sneeze.
So I'll review the tape at the end.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
You can't disclose private information on the spot.
Whether it's where things are happening where people live.
Yeah.
It's all just creating further work and a potential for one day messing up irreparably.
Sure.
Like I've done that already.
I've done that already.
Leap away from.
I already have challenging leaps though.
I think I forever accidentally doxed Riley's email address.
I think at one point that I gave away.
Yeah.
That's such a small one compared to what you're about to.
Sure.
You think?
Well, because it's, you know, the more the merrier?
No.
The opposite.
Okay.
Closed.
Yeah.
And now Grace is young.
And I will have the fish.
I think you're in state.
So.
Is that?
You've been eating steak.
You like tartar.
I've been partying.
Sorry.
Partying.
Okay.
In tartar.
From time to time.
Where are you getting your tartar?
You think you could post made beef tartar?
I don't think so.
I really restaurant that has beef tartar.
Tartar would just put it in a fucking styrofoam.
Tartar is anything raw, though.
You don't even.
So like they do sushi.
Yeah.
Well, you know, yeah, tuna tartar, steak tartar,
like what you're saying.
Sam and tartar.
You rarely see like an apple tartar.
But when you bite into a honeycrust,
that is what you're having.
Does that make sense?
No.
Apple sauce.
Sure apple sauce because it's technically still raw,
but I meant truly a full fruit.
Yeah.
When you're tearing apart totally.
A fucking Clementine, right?
Yoster otherwise.
That is tartar.
I recently found out.
Or learned, I should say,
how fucked up.
Fogra is Fogra.
Yeah.
What is it they like take a pig and they spank it over their knee?
I thought it was like a tender thing.
If you take the tender line and they'll be spanked over your own tender line.
Yeah.
We have to torture a bird.
That's true.
They're liver.
Yeah.
But it's how caught I thought.
Is it not?
No, you're just guessing wrong and not listening to anything.
I'm saying.
Because when you go to a restaurant,
and you order the warm.
And you're rolling at the chef.
You're sort of being that.
Not yelling at the chef.
Yelling at the weight staff.
And the matriede, right?
Because they're my liais.
Um,
to the other wise.
Talk to Grace.
I'm going to turn my microphone off.
Let's try to get her involved a little more.
It's important that everybody touches the ball for an offense to really
hum on all cylinders.
This is a bizarre choice as a guest.
You never need to hear about you saying touch the bull.
She doesn't need you to do this.
Hi.
Hey, Jennifer.
So.
Um.
I'm in sort of a, uh.
Transition phase.
What's that between what?
I'm just moving.
Me too.
Where are you moving Walsaw?
Yeah, I'm moving.
I'm moving to a slightly different postcode.
In Walsaw.
Let's hear it.
What is it?
Don't say.
I'll leave it out.
It's fine.
Also it's a block of flat sea.
You don't know.
What number?
That's fair.
Um, I feel like we should move on to something I wanted to talk to you about today, which was that,
you know, I kind of like an audit in a way of.
I thought this was coming.
Just of the mixing recently.
Mm-hmm.
Like, I feel like what I thought was coming.
I thought no.
Okay.
Oh, of your finances?
No, no, no.
I thought you were like you wanted to review your performance on the big special.
At the so needed recently.
Oh, then podcast.
Mine performance.
I actually wanted to talk about that, too.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
The Hollywood Handbook episode.
That's right.
If you even wanted to talk about it.
It was a debacle.
The bottom line.
It was the greatest.
Great highlighters.
High-discounted here first.
I ever did.
When you were listening to that episode, Grace didn't feel historic or sort of.
I was going to try and criticize Grace's mix infamous notorious in a nasty way.
Do you feel like you were listening to something special?
Did you feel like I gave it everything I had?
I truly did.
I, what's what was difficult.
I, you know, I know how much you wanted this.
This is a dream.
This is years in them.
This is a vision board.
Sure.
And so to watch it.
The thing is, I just.
I feel like I just don't want to be your best.
You fumble the back.
You are 100% fumble the back.
Like is that what you wanted to hear?
I think in the stakeholders having a mirror that.
I think that might have been like a non-negotiable thing for them to appear on it.
But like, I think having a mirror that kind of changed the dynamic from what could have been like.
I think, you know, I'm, you know.
You think three, three guests that episode or would you have replaced me with a different fourth?
Yeah.
Could we, could we have gotten like an Erica?
Could we have gotten a reshell?
You know, for that.
Just wanted to kind of soften it because it felt like sort of.
I knew a good for that.
I knew it would have been good.
Yeah.
See, I'm saying that.
You need someone that's going to be nice to you.
Yeah.
And this is where I'm struggling to come up with a name because it's like I'm not being on your side.
In that situation.
Racking our head.
It's hard.
You know, because I, I really did, you know,
I mean, I've seen the clip of Shannon Sharp leaving undisputed.
Oh, yeah.
I was sort of sad talking to skip and like wiping his eyes.
So it's basically like put it together.
You lay your pillow on that.
When you lay your head on that pillow at night.
Yeah.
Know that I gave it everything I had.
Yeah, left it all on the field.
I gave you everything I had.
Yeah.
That was it.
That was like the best outland we're going to get for an episode.
It had the rice.
It had the Jeffery.
It had a rice party.
That was pretty good.
Skulled in rice.
Cautarized grains seared thus.
That's as good as the show gets.
Yeah.
Jeffery was great with different guests.
It would have been a hit and said it was a shit.
Right.
Because they sort of institutionally break things down.
Yeah.
And in that way, the next time we have them on, which I think we should have them on.
I would have loved to have had them on for this Friday's episode.
What's Friday?
It's the miles episode.
I just think it'd be funny to have them on twice in a row.
I see.
Oh, yeah.
Back to back after that.
Yeah.
After such a divisive episode.
The comments and the views are just through the roof.
Some people love it.
A lot of people love it.
I would say 70 love.
Authority percent hate though.
It's really.
Creating discourse.
A hundred percent agnostic.
You know, when people don't care at all either way.
That's, that's what you don't want to be.
Yeah.
And we're sort of, we're approaching that territory with this episode.
We should say.
Grace and I are doing pretty good.
Oh, my god.
Yeah.
You're going to let us sit in that.
Let's fucking get into shit, man.
Leftening.
How are y'all doing?
What are the issues of your days?
Right?
What are you dealing with?
And how can Uncle Jeffrey fix it for you?
Okay.
Well, some guy I sort of not work for.
Not work with.
Just this guy.
Just blasted Aussie Osborne.
Directly into my ear canal.
Hmm.
I'm going to see you work against.
Didn't even bring up the fact that he's from Birmingham.
Which is where I'm near.
You're closer to that.
No.
What?
This is crazy.
I sent Grace a New York Times.
I was going to say a particle, but it was more of like a.
It's one of the help.
It was like 36 hours in blank.
And this one was 36 hours in bath, which is where you're from.
It was where I was born.
And nothing from grace.
She was basically like no response.
And then did for flight.
But the reply was sort of nothing burger.
Yeah.
It was like, let me know when they do it in Walsau.
I'm like, they don't.
Walsau.
Okay.
They're never going to do that, man.
I'm sorry.
What's the best fish and chips in Walsau?
Let's put it into 36 hours.
What?
I land directly there.
What am I doing for 36 hours?
I'm even having airport there.
They even have one.
They have a train station.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
You can take a plane and land it on tracks.
I have a bus station.
So.
So what do you want to talk about with that thing?
What if you want me to say?
What?
Yeah.
What do you want to do?
It's more of this reversing.
Sorry.
My whole leg is asleep.
Don't worry.
I've never seen this room.
This is my bedroom.
It's the same room I do.
Whenever I do this remotely, it's always this room.
Uh, it looks different.
I feel like I usually see you in a living room or something with an archway.
Oftentimes, we do a living room too.
Yeah.
Oh, such a bony thin ankles in the background.
Oh, my god.
Do this belong to you?
Are you laying on a turkey?
It's sort of like a gotty pillow.
It looks like a poster of feet.
Dulse him or something.
Just move your head a little bit.
It looks like a fucking decal.
Oh.
It's a fat head of just my fangles.
I've been head.
Oh, god.
Yeah.
Whole leg is asleep and it hurts a lot.
It goes into the tingle.
And then it's just like really painful.
Grace, let's hear about 36 hours and we'll solve.
How do you spell that?
I can't, I can't understand what you're saying.
W-A-L.
Yeah.
W-L.
Well, this, this is a first for the show as somebody's whole leg being asleep.
Maybe.
Is it?
What is wrong with you guys?
How do we, how would we verify that?
Yeah.
If I went to a restaurant and the chef's leg was asleep.
That'd be kind of interesting to me because it doesn't happen every day.
Fucking cares.
Your ankles are so bony in the hand.
They're so thin.
How are they thinner than actual bones?
They still have to be skin around them.
And yet, look at that.
It looks like it's just a skeleton.
Like you're lying on a skeleton.
It's all sonnable.
Angles.
How do you ever get around without hurting yourself?
You're so top-heavy.
I don't.
Every day is painful, which is why I have to numb myself with joy.
So I arrive in Walsal.
Where am I getting a piece of fried cod with crisps?
By the way, I learned recently that I respond to cat.
You know, calling.
Not like by construction workers, but you know how cats.
People with cats are like, I can't get enough of that.
Like if you do that to me, I'm going to come over to you.
It must be a genetic thing, right?
Like you can't add meat to those bones.
Like through exercise or food.
Yeah.
Like you can do squats, but it doesn't add muscle.
You can really see the bone shape.
I think it's more of a tendon.
It's so sharp.
I mean, Grace, this is alarming, right?
Am I overblowing this?
Some people would love this.
Some people would.
We need a pro version.
How do I would end up as the pro version?
We need a patreon for this show, where we can do paid feed content.
Payed thankful content.
I mean, people are getting it for free.
And I'm mailback.
Yeah, no, I'm saying you put a nude on Twitter.
What would the pro version be?
Grace, did you see my ass?
You're us reveal?
Yeah.
So everybody saw it.
If Grace saw it, she doesn't actually consume it.
It's gone for free.
And she doesn't for work.
I think we need a patreon.
It was my point.
Maybe see if we could do like a mail bag.
You know, people are mailing me letters, anthrax, et cetera.
What is this show?
What do you mean?
What are we doing?
This is the show.
This is like the main stay.
This is what people come for and stay for.
And then they can't get it up.
Sorry, just one second, actually.
And she did have a question.
I want you to ask another one.
Is that.
In the room.
Sure.
So it's it's you.
I mean, how do we time look?
Casey.
Sure.
And Kevin.
Kevin.
Yeah.
Where do you see yourself in the power ranking?
Um, a bubble below.
Kevin.
Well, I learned that Kevin owns a house.
So I'm probably below Kevin.
Wait.
Yeah.
Damn.
Well, so Kevin owns a house and you're still hourly.
Yeah.
And Casey's salary, actually.
So I'm probably below Casey.
Ultimately.
Well, you've been low, Casey anyway.
Great.
Because he's.
Yeah.
Said bit love.
Positive E.
There must.
What's your most expensive?
Said with love.
Thing that you own.
It's not a house.
Like, what do you?
Is it a watch?
Probably.
I'm probably my car.
Paying it off or fully own.
Fully own.
More expensive than any watch you have.
Yeah.
It's a car.
So, you know, I don't know.
I've seen some of those watches that you're trying to sell.
They're like $10,000.
I'm trying to sell one watch for $12,000.
But I bought it from a state sale for six.
So it's pretty good.
Yeah.
That could be more expensive than your car.
House around it.
150,000.
Yeah.
Probably not worth 12 grand.
I think it is.
It's a Toyota Tacoma.
They hold their value.
It's probably worth 15.
150k.
That's like a good amount for car.
Like, that's a good asset for me to have.
I mean, let's take out the Kelly Bluebook during the next break.
And really start to appraise.
Yeah.
Let's take out the Kelly Bluebook during this break.
A second break for the Kelly Bluebook.
Grace, can we get a numbers crunch on a 2003 Toyota Tacoma extra cab?
I thought we were going to do it during the break.
We look like we can back.
Come back with the information.
You don't want to see Grace searching for it.
What year?
I'm not so I'm not moving my hands.
This is fucked up.
I'm holding the microphone.
You want to make me go.
And it's hands free.
It's been hands free this whole time.
You need hands free when he insulted you at the beginning of the show.
And it's very distressing.
We haven't even touched the 36 hours in your town.
We haven't figured out where to get fried to.
I'll be here with sides.
I'll tell you this about my town.
Fishing ships.
Sorry.
Yeah.
What are you saying?
I don't know.
7500.
Right.
I'm just going to say seven granted.
So I'd have to price.
I'm going to watch.
But that's just Kelly blue book.
If you go to our auto trader.
Yeah.
You're going to see prices more.
I'm going to be able to.
Yeah.
I don't tell it.
Well, I'm not double now.
I'm on auto trader.
Yeah.
You don't have to do this now.
What I'm trying to say is sell the watch, I guess.
Yeah.
I'm trying.
I'm obviously trying.
Yeah.
It's hard because the.
Also, why would I have two cars?
It's crazy how noticeable your ankle is in the frame.
I can't stop looking at it.
It's it's cool that you're not ashamed of it.
Like, there are parts of my body.
I wouldn't want on in the internet a little bit.
And you're just like.
You're almost like.
What are like the two ones you wouldn't want?
Yeah.
I would never tell you.
Okay.
Because you would just sort of, I don't know, make a game show of it or something.
We could do that now.
What about a shame show?
So it's like a body game show.
It's pretty good.
Do you want to see the movie, shame?
No.
Michael Faspender directed by Steve McLean.
Get this hog out.
Big hog.
Now I'm interested.
It happens in the phase like five minutes as well.
So you get.
Okay.
Great.
So I don't even have to watch the whole thing to see it at thing.
What is this?
Are you still looking at cinema?
I'll just talk.
I used to work in a cinema for two years.
And so there's a very specific like period of time.
It's just the films that came out from that time.
Okay.
And one of them was Skyfall.
Really?
One of the episodes.
Yeah.
It was the highest-grossing film in the UK that year.
That's cool.
Who's speaking of? Who's your run of the week, Chris?
Oh.
Um.
Bane.
So you're born to the week, is it?
Pardon?
Desmond Bane?
No.
It's pretty jack.
I think you could do it.
Yeah.
It's handsome.
You guys are talking about two different bands.
I mean, you're talking about Desmond Bane at the NBA player.
You're talking about Bane who's a character from the DC Comics universe from Batman.
So that's just, that's too much IP to mix.
That'd be like if you went to a restaurant and you were like,
Can I get the serve in turn?
And the scallops and chicken.
That's too much.
The serve in turn is not scallops and chicken.
I said, that's like going to a restaurant,
getting the serve in turn and the scallops and chicken,
which is lobster and, uh, I almost had a sandwich.
State.
Yeah.
Best shop.
But though we did just say,
This was talking about Desmond Cod.
It was.
Where is it and where?
A shop to get crisp cod.
There's a bunch of them, man.
There's a place you can get battered chips.
They're pretty good.
What's the difference?
One basketball prize got the shipping out of it.
Boni.
A loose chicken way.
You're a boni, goani.
That's good.
Sorry.
It's like a bar for ale's and plants,
but actually for fish and, uh,
hours.
What's the salad?
It's like a bit of fish or a tart.
I meant to say,
foes.
Are you stupid?
Can a craft ale ball?
A craft ale bar.
Everything in England's, like, slightly different.
It's kind of interesting.
Why?
I don't stand up next to you.
I did flip that time.
Ha ha.
That's good.
Sorry.
You can chew so much.
It's not good.
It's just different.
You think you're going to bleep the information earlier
that I didn't want out there?
Was that more of a cut it out situation?
Cause it didn't really blend into anything after the show.
I'll probably cut it out, I guess.
I don't know.
Doesn't matter.
It'll get out there for sure.
It should.
This is what I'm saying.
No, I'm saying I'll cut it out.
Yeah.
That's good.
And then the information will find it's way.
Do you think if I call it swings around?
It's a curveball rooster.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
If I call TMZ with information about your ass, they would publish it.
Or do you think you're not famous enough?
Yeah.
One time a paparazzi photographer came up to me at an airport.
I'm like, do you even know who I am?
Like not you know who I am.
Yeah.
Why are you talking to me?
Like from YouTube video?
You're like, yeah, I love your shorts.
Like with like the cameras.
Like, so like, what are you up to?
I'm like, I don't know.
I'm going to my parents house.
Like, all right.
All right.
Not all right.
That was ever on TMZ.
I don't think so.
They just weigh that the airport until they recognize somebody.
It's what I'm trying to say.
Sure.
I need definitely recommend it to you.
He must have.
Yeah.
But he was like a 24 year old paparazzi.
And he's like, I'm like, this footage isn't useful to anybody.
But that's the thing.
Paparazzi are all like, they're just individual people with a camera.
They take the footage.
They take the picture and then they try to sell it.
Right.
But on the ground, like a fisherman, like, is any of this worth anything?
Exactly.
Oh, no.
But it's all barnacles.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Video of you was a barnacle.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
I guess it was kind of fun.
A fun moment in my life.
Yeah.
Now I know how Bieber feels when he's at a restaurant being rude.
Here's my take.
Here's my take on that on that.
Like, like, just to be where there's constantly videos of him,
like, getting angry on Rodeo Drive.
You are in the heart of paparazzi country, though.
Like, if you don't want to be around them, don't live and work in Beverly Hills.
That's my thing.
There's so many other places in LA to get incredible estates.
Go live in Pasadena.
I've never seen a paparazzi own Pasadena.
And the houses are old, beautiful, and huge.
Right?
You chose to live in Beverly Hills.
You chose to do your grocery shopping at Arrow on in Beverly Hills.
You're gonna get your photo taken.
You know what I mean?
Nobody's ever in Malibu.
A lot of famous people are in Malibu.
No, no paparazzi.
They're not.
I'm sure I can search Lindsay Lohan Malibu and find a lot.
Then fucking frog town, then.
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, they'll go wherever the famous people are.
But sometimes the famous people call the paparazzi,
because they want the publicity.
Okay, so we should do that.
Fuck.
Completely pivoted.
Right, like.
Travis Paul from Kodashina having a baby.
Who? Who?
Travis Paul from Kodashina.
Yeah, I saw that on Twitter.
I didn't know that.
It's kind of like a power couple.
Kind of an old couple.
Nice.
No, I'll think I was mean.
I'm also actually 40.
Do you think I look forward?
You could be on this one.
No, but I'm bad at it.
I wouldn't say that you and Jeff are that far off in A.
I wouldn't say I can't hear a grace.
I wouldn't say that you and Jeff were that far off in A.
Right, like he looks like in his late 20s.
And I looked at like in my mid 30s.
But it's actually like 25 and 40.
Yeah, you could be.
Who's dad?
Wait, were you guys hearing that?
Oh, yeah.
What's trying to talk over it?
Oh, sorry.
I was just trying to listen to some music.
Only on my end.
Do you behave at Tom Jones cover that?
There's a Tom Jones cover of that.
But he down the house.
Like Tom Jones, like it's not unusual to be loved by anyone.
Yeah.
Oh, that was nice.
This is the last nine familiar with it.
He is a non-seating way to what?
Do you guys think Tom Jones is good in that?
I don't know.
Just fucking say it, man.
Just ask the question.
Like Jeff and Jeff.
There's this log jam of like fucking half baked ideas in your head.
And none of them are making it through to your mouth.
Jeff, please.
I really, I want to know what you're talking about.
Ask.
This is the first thing I've interested in.
All that pevely hills and arrow on conversation.
It's like now we're talking about Tom Jones.
This is the real shit.
Let's go.
What do you want to say?
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeff, we already on Twitter.
You guys plug your shit.
I'm gone.
I'm ghost.
I'm sorry.
Unbelievable.
You know, he's just doing this to make me look bad.
Now I'm the asshole, right?
Because I ended the show.
He's ending the show.
I wanted to know the question too.
We can just carry him.
What's good on it?
Good.
So I'm at OK Bloomer on TikTok.
I hear they sort of rejiggered their algorithm now like people are getting paid more.
But you got to make one minute long videos.
But the CPMs are through the roof.
So you got to watch us on there.
Hits to Graham.
Still in the process of trying to unload that name.
But still mine, which is at a mirror.
What do you think will sell first?
You'll Instagram handle for Jeff's $12,000 watch.
Oh, that's a really good question.
I don't know.
They're kind of both valued the same right now.
It's whichever one wants to pull that trigger faster.
I think the watch will go faster.
Because selling an Instagram handle is kind of clunky.
I'd have to just literally give him the password or whoever wants to buy it.
Probably an a mirror.
And then he would just, all my followers would be following him, which is kind of confusing.
You buy a watch.
That's just your watch.
It's pretty clean transaction.
The best.
What's that?
Yeah.
That was a hit dumb original.